My first readme Create an account on GitHub- You will need a GitHub account for all your projects at ALX. You can create an account for free here Create a Personal Access Token on Github- To have access to your repositories and authenticate yourself, you need to create a Personal Access Token on Github. Update your profile on the Intranet- Update your Intranet profile by adding your Github username Create your first repository- Using the graphic interface on the github website, create your first repository. i.Name: alx-zero_day ii.Description: I'm now a ALX Student, this is my first repository as a full-stack engineer iii.Public repo iv.No README, .gitignore, or license Step 4 - Open the sandbox On the intranet, just under the task, click on the button 'Get a sandbox' and run to start the machine.Once the container is started, click on to open a shell where you can start work from. Clone your repository- On the webterm of the sandbox, do the following: i.Clone your repository a. Replace {YOUR_PERSONAL_TOKEN} with your token from step 1. b.Replace {YOUR_USERNAME} with your username from step 0 and 1 Create the README.md and push the modifications- Navigate to this new directory. ii.Update your git identity iii.Add this new file to git, commit the change with this message “My first commit” and push to the remote server / origin Good job! You pushed your first file in your first repository of the first task of your first ALX School project. Repo-session: Create a new directory called 0x03-git in your alx-pre_course repo. ii.Make sure you include a non empty README.md in your directory: a. at the root of your repository alx-zero_day b. AND in the directory 0x03-git. ii. And important part: Make sure your commit and push your code to Github - otherwise the Checker will always fail. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-zero_day Coding fury road- For the moment we have an empty project directory containing only a README.md. It’s time to code! i. Inside 0x03-git: a.Create these directories at the root of your project: bash, c, js b.Create these empty files:c/c_is_fun.c, js/main.js, js/index.js b.Create a file bash/alx with these two lines inside: #!/bin/bash and echo "ALX" c.Create a file bash/school with these two lines inside: #!/bin/bash and echo "School" d.Add all these new files to git e.Commit your changes (message: “Starting to code today, so cool”) and push to the remote server. Repo: a.GitHub repository: alx-zero_day b.Directory: 0x03-git c.File: bash/alx, bash/school, c/c_is_fun.c, js/main.js, js/index.js Collaboration is the base of a company- A branch is like a copy of your project. It’s used mainly for: a.adding a feature in development b.collaborating on the same project with other developers c.not breaking your entire repository d.not upsetting your co-workers The purpose of a branch is to isolate your work from the main code base of your project and/or from your co-workers’ work. For this project, create a branch update_script and in this branch: i.Create an empty file named bash/98 ii.Update bash/alx by replacing echo "ALX" with echo "ALX School" iii.Update bash/school by replacing echo "School" with echo "The school is open!" iv.Add and commit these changes (message: “My personal work”) v.Push this new branch Tips Perfect! You did an amazing update in your project and it’s isolated correctly from the main branch. Ho wait, your manager needs a quick fix in your project and it needs to be deployed now: i.Change branch to main ii.Update the file bash/alx by replacing echo "ALX" with echo "ALX School is so cool!" iii.Delete the directory js iv.Commit your changes (message: “Hot fix”) and push to the origin Ouf, hot fix is done! Repo: a.GitHub repository: alx-zero_day b.Directory: 0x03-git c.File: bash/alx, bash/school, bash/98
